ultimately you know reapered hold me and
the coaching staff aside and said hey
listen like this team is not gonna make
playoffs and what do you what do you
wanted to do jack do you want me to do
the moves that are necessary to make
this a winning team a they sponsor ha a
league and various other projects like I
so we're actually coming up on the Rio
go crazy but yeah it's kind of cool they
do a lot so much they sponsor overwatch
and all the stuff you guys ready okay
here we go
what's the end of the first weekend of
summer split and it's also Father's Day
which means I'm joined right now by Jack
and his dad Bob to talk a little bit
about you know how they both work
together with cloud nine coverage
presented by Omni slash by the way let's
get into it so Jack do you want to
introduce Bob yeah this is this is my
dad Bob and he works with a cloud band
as well so Bob how did you end up in
this whole world I ended up in this
whole world because Jack had a baby or
his wife had a baby and the merchandise
that they started to carry was all in
their living room and their great room
and crowding out the baby in the house
so my wife volunteered me to go down and
learn how to package and Mail off
merchandise three days later I was
running the merchandise show so does he
still handle fulfillment of all that
whenever a package goes out is that
packaged by Bob he did it for a long
time and I got to the point where I
think he was sending out something like
over a hundred packages a day plus a
week starting out two or three a day
yeah so it got to be this massive
project and like his house started
filling up shouldn't I said like okay we
actually need to get some help here
but he so he he put down the merchandise
and he picked up his pen because he's
been giving me he's a retired attorney
and he's been helping me for years now
just reviewing contracts making sure
that things look right and giving me a
helping hand in the legal world whenever
necessary yeah well what about because I
I assume you don't need to worry too
much about the contracts whenever you
come to LCS but I see you here all the
time at the matches so what brings you
out so up so frequently into LCS I have
found it pretty exciting particularly
for a sorority who can't possibly play
the games and one of the major
challenges I have is learning the game
when I can't play
I enjoy it I enjoy the noise and the
excitement that the players generate
it's it's amazing it's a totally new
experience and not just LCS but the
whole world of eSports it's it's cloud 9
it's in many different games do you find
yourself most attracted to League of
Legends or do you go to the other
matches I mean what's your experience
across the organization mostly the games
i watch are LCS and overwatch and I
enjoy the differences between the two
layouts and how they're working jack has
moved me also into the peña and I'm kind
of a housemother to keeping the PE a
mechanically running well all the owners
are off busy trying to expand the PE a
and their games and everything else so
they don't get to handle that particular
end and that's excited watching the
whole development of teams versus
players versus game developers versus
platforms it's an amazing experience so
much is this how you expect it to spend
your retirement no I expected to spend
my retirement hiking and fishing a
little different do you ever get a time
to go hiking and fishing with them to
see you ever he helps you so much on the
eSports side are you helping him fulfill
his retirement dreams we do some hiking
but not nearly not nearly enough so it's
definitely needs change especially going
into summer now we spent a week in Utah
going through the national parks and
hiking there was fun very good what
after the games here which you guys have
like a Father's Day dinner planned or a
family meetup or anything so we had a
you know Father's Day breakfast so you
know I've got a five-year-old daughter
and so we went over to my my parents
house and so she got to see her
grandfather and grandmother and and we
had a nice breakfast together
and then I went to work he came to work
with me and so will definitely be
hanging out a little bit in the evening
but it won't be so much Father's Day
well we had this interview planned for a
long time I asked you about doing a
Father's Day interview however you made
a very controversial decision this week
a big announcement maybe the the most
interesting thing to happen in the week
leading up to LCS which I have to I have
to thank you for because I had been
bored for weeks out of my mind there was
no news coming out and I was worried
there wasn't gonna be anything
interesting happening during the
offseason and then you did one of the
most interesting things very
controversial what what kind of led up
to I know you did a whole video on it
but maybe you can provide some context
for those that missed the interview
early the video the roster changes that
we saw today it wasn't just like one
thing we definitely saw that the
existing LCS roster just was not working
their team workers off their synergy was
off they didn't seem to be hungry to
really learn as much as they should be
and the Academy team was making huge
strides at the same time and ultimately
you know reapered hold me and the
coaching staff aside he said hey listen
like this team is not gonna make
playoffs and what do you what do you
wanted to do jack do you want me to do
the moves that are necessary to make
this a winning team and I tell them hey
this is I'll follow your lead if you
want to make these changes I back you up
1% and so we made the changes we did and
you know the goal is to see that the
players that have been moved to the
Academy are super hungry and want that
job you know and we will see what
happens because ultimately we need you
know we've five players that are very
passionate about winning and do what it
takes to to make themselves better and
I'm gonna I'm gonna pick the players
that have that hunger and I have that
drive period it was it was kind of weird
because the messaging that came out was
really serious from you guys and then we
saw the players kind of tweet LOL on the
bench and pictures of them on the bench
gent I think Jensen eventually came out
with something that felt a little bit
more serious but was there any
conversation about like how they would
handle the messaging or was this
something that just like happened you
know my expectations from anyone wants
to LCS stage is that they're
professional and they work hard and they
prove it they want to be here and
they're mature about it and you know I
frankly I wasn't happy with their
response I think that didn't show a lot
of maturity and I hope I hope they
change what are the chances we see their
return to the LCS this split for the
fans that are curious it's a hundred
percent in their hands you know they
they work super hard and they are you
know putting in the effort to get a shot
to try out and they end up being the
better player they're here
there's no reason besides their own work
that will prevent them from getting
there on a happier note we just saw the
Academy guys come in go and glue who I
think has historically struggled on the
main stage managed to pull off win with
his team is walking over there right now
what what was it like for you to sort of
see those guys succeed on stage and what
do you think
cloud9 chances are if they continue to
sit in those chairs up on the stage I
was super proud that those guys pulled
that off you know the they have the
correct attitude they're working super
hard to to get to where they are on
stage and this is enough an amazing
opportunity for them they have what it
takes to actually win and they just need
to transition that onto stage you know
the games today obviously was a lot
better than yesterday but in both days
I'm just seeing what they could become
and we're gonna keep pushing them really
hard to get there he was hilarious like
actually being up on stage with the
players celebrating after the wind
Azazel like turned to to his other
players like what do I do now that we
won
yeah and they let him let him over to
shake hands at optic but it was really
cute and I'm super happy for him that's
his first win I want to give you both
the chance to say something to the fans
we'll start off with Jack but anything
you guys want to say to the fans out
there
cloud9 fans or those rooting over the
course of split you know the fans are
out there that are saying you know not
my scene I and I understand our pain
change is really hard but
doing these changes to make sure that we
have a team that you're proud of and if
I was to put up a team up there that
didn't actually put an effort and just
lost you guys would be really
disappointed and so would I to the fans
that have backed us up and said it's
still my c9 thank you very much totally
support it and I'm really happy that you
guys have our back also happy Father's
Day to everybody out there hope you had
a wonderful day and actually a
hypervisor to my dad what I would say to
the fans is stick with us I think that
cloud 9 is run by one of the finest
executives in this world and no one is
going to try harder to put forth a
winning team here overwatch every game
we play
when you say finest executive you're
talking about Dan right we all have our
place and it's following Jack well happy
Father's Day to both of you it's getting
a little breezy out here so we're gonna
go inside but thanks so much for the
interview and looking forward to see
what the rest of this split looks like
for cloud 9 interesting times for the
team yeah for anyone else you can check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things eSports right here on the YouTube
channel guess what guys summer split is
back and I'm partnered up once again
with Omni slash thanks so much for their
support of this YouTube channel but you
are you watching this right now look
there's so many League of Legends
interviews that are gonna hit this month
next month the month after that the
month at the point is you should just
subscribe to the channel if you haven't
already because it's like the simplest
thing in the world you just literally
you can do it right now you just click
or tap or whatever you need to do to sub
just sub it helps me out a ton super
appreciate we'll have more interviews
coming up and just a bit so thanks so
much